well strictly fans the wait is almost
over the world's press is arriving to
find out who those 40 dancing
celebrities are going to be I've got my
sequins on so let's go in and find out
it's a long way from the Queen Vic the
Letitia Dean as a chance to you know
learning you can act and stuff like that
and a discipline hands with fabulous
backs and loving hairdos and that the
sparkly prop she's joined by fellow East
End Matt D'Angelo and a rather
image-conscious John Barnes as we sit
here today like her and secretly do not
go down with my body
snooker legend really thorn join
stephanie beacham a true lady he's
lovely but he doesn't want to drink tea
as often as I want to drink that heat
don't get done get Dom Littlewoods there
singer an actress Alesha Dixon and
Cory's serial killer Brian Capron
is trying to win back some friends for
another man there's GM TV presenter Kate
Garraway
from Blue Peter getting Jones and Kelly
Brooke seems to have already tamed bad
boy Brendan Cole it seemed quite shy on
the first day he actually couldn't think
of any stairs
there's penny Lancaster Stewart wife of
rod and sequins mayfly between mr. and
mrs. Logan oh jesus Lily please
your chance managed to sneak in
backstage after the press conference so
let's see who we've got we've got
Brendan chatting wither Kelly there and
also charged with guessing from
pre-eternity the milord Diana ruff
looking lovely come around here's the
back of John Barnes he said in the press
conference he needs to lose a bit of
weight he feel so we've got sportsman
we've got married couple we've got a
children's presenter so many different
talents but who's going to win you had
to put your money on it test who would
you go for you see this is a tricky
question because I don't want to upset
anyone unless something very close to me
roundabout now
shall we whisper Abby's looking good
John Barnes sportsman they are up for
the training they want to train and
Gabby's partner James Jordans already
told me that she literally is like let's
do it again let's do it again
he's the one who's exhausted